Sub RUNRULESPERFORMANCE()
    Call AFMFalsePositiveRate
    Call AFMFalsePositiveRateNOTFRAUD
    Call AFMFalsePositiveFRAUD

    MsgBox "Done Ya, Thank you!!!"
End Sub
Sub AFMFalsePositiveRate()
    Dim sourcesheet As Worksheet
    Dim destsheet As Worksheet
    Dim lastrow As Long
    Dim caseid As Variant
    Dim product As Variant
    Dim status As Variant
    Dim cmcolumn As Variant
    Dim uniquecaseid As Object
    
        Set sourcesheet = ThisWorkbook.Sheets("RULE")
        Set destsheet = ThisWorkbook.Sheets("FDU - App")
        
        lastrow = sourcesheet.Cells(sourcesheet.Rows.Count, "G").End(xlUp).Row
        
            Dim cbmcount As Long
            Dim ekioskcount As Long
            Dim loskprcount As Long
            Dim lossmecount As Long
            
                Set uniquecaseid = CreateObject("Scripting.Dictionary")
            
        For i = 2 To lastrow
        
            caseid = sourcesheet.Cells(i, 7).Value
            product = sourcesheet.Cells(i, 6).Value
            status = sourcesheet.Cells(i, 21).Value

            
                If Not uniquecaseid.exists(caseid) Then
                    uniquecaseid.Add caseid, 1
                    
                    Select Case product
                        Case "PR_PhoneNumberMatchFraudFile_"
                            cbmcount = cbmcount + 1
                                                    
                        Case "PR_CBM_VidCallReject"
                            ekioskcount = ekioskcount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NikMatchFraudFile"
                            loskprcount = loskprcount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Email_Match_FraudFile"
                            othercount = othercount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileNumberDifferentNIK"
                            alterdcount = alterdcount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Verihubs"
                            ficticount = ficticount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileDiffDomicile"
                            aasss = aasss + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameDomicileAddressEmployerAddressNotSelfEmployed"
                            sss = aass + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_OnlineShop_"
                            ddaas = ddaas + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MoreThan10AppsFromSameSubDistrictIn3Days"
                            jkhjkh = jkhjkh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GR_EmailKeyword_"
                            uytyug = uytyug + 1
                        
                        Case "PR_CBM_Email_RejectedList_"
                            kkhlghj = kkhlghj + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileDiffDomicile_"
                            hjghjg = hjghjg + 1
                        
                        Case "PR_CBM_Email_RejectedList"
                            yuyuakl = yuyuakl + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileNumberDifferentNIK_eKiosk"
                            lkajdlh = lkajdlh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Phone_RejectedList_"
                            tyrtuauy = tyrtuauy + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NikMatchFraudFile_"
                            jkagkg = jkagkg + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Mortgage_BureauAgeSalary"
                            jhgauytyg = jhgauytyg + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_RefferalCodeSameDistrict"
                            jhaygjhgkjda = jhaygjhgkjda + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NIKMatchesToSuspiciousNIKHotlist_"
                            jhaggw = jhaggw + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKORTaxIDORPhoneNumberOREmailMatchLOSWhitelist"
                            ajkgtigkj = ajkgtigkj + 1
                            
                            
                        Case "PR_Email_Match_FraudFile_"
                            ahjfuqhghjb = ahjfuqhghjb + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Phone_RejectedList"
                            hjaghjghja = hjaghjghja + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PhoneNumberMatchFraudFile"
                            quhuihjkjk = quhuihjkjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_HighRiskGeolocation"
                            atytkjhjk = atytkjhjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_MoreThan2SameDeviceIDDiffNIK_"
                            quihjkbjk = quihjkbjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_FirstBureauAge"
                            lahjhjkh = lahjhjkh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmailMatchesToSuspiciousEmailHotlist_"
                            qtyetgbkkln = qtyetgbkkln + 1
                            
                        Case "FinalFraudDecision"
                            yguyghgjh = yguyghgjh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeAndBureauAge"
                            ghakghbk = ghakghbk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_MoreThan2SameDeviceIDDiffNIK"
                            kljaljdbbch = kljaljdbbch + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DeviceMatchesToSuspiciousDeviceHotlist"
                            akjhuyuiwhh = akjhuyuiwhh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameCompanyPhoneDiffCompanyNameDiffLOB"
                            kluiouioqh = kluiouioqh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmailMatchesToSuspiciousEmailHotlist"
                            quiiuhkjsjk = quiiuhkjsjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBMRejectedListDeviceID_"
                            iqhuihkjjnkjn = iqhuihkjjnkjn + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffDomicile_"
                            oiahkjbwjkhjk = oiahkjbwjkhjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_LOS_ApplicantDukcapil"
                            poqiiuhjhd = poqiiuhjhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_DomAddress6FirstCharsNIK"
                            ajkkjbkw = ajkkjbkw + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_DomAddress6FirstCharsNIK_"
                            auiyuihjkjkw = auiyuihjkjkw + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Generic_SameNIKDiffDOBorPOBandPhoneorEmail"
                            ajhjhgd = ajhjhgd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MobilePhonenumberProvidedByApplicantMatchesToSuspiciousMobileHotlist"
                            iuakhjkhd = iuakhjkhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffIDaddress"
                            pokadkhghf = pokadkhghf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameEmailDifferentNIK"
                            ajhjkbcbhjkhs = ajhjkbcbhjkhs + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Generic_SameNIKDiffDOBorPOBandPhoneorEmail_"
                            aykhkjd = aykhkjd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Ekiosk_ManualEKTP"
                            aiooihehd = aiooihehd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffIDaddress_"
                            iuahjkhkjd = iuahjkhkjd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_ReferralCodeSameCity"
                            akjgdjkbbcjld = akjgdjkbbcjld + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MoreThan4SameEmployerAddressAndEmployerName7days_"
                            alnncbvfj = alnncbvfj + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffDomicile"
                            akllklcnbd = akllklcnbd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NIKMatchesToSuspiciousNIKHotlist"
                            ajkdhkjbcbhd = ajkdhkjbcbhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Paylater_deviceIDHotlist"
                            cbbmcvjkhd = cbbmcvjkhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Paylater_deviceIDHotlist_"
                            ahjjcbd = ahjjcbd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Dukcapil_Refer_Test"
                            akhkqjhjkhdbc = akhkqjhjkhdbc + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DukcapilApplicant_Refer"
                            alkkjbckbjhd = alkkjbckbjhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GR_EmailKeyword"
                            alkhlhywybef = alkhlhywybef + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MobilePhonenumberProvidedByApplicantMatchesToSuspiciousMobileHotlist_"
                            akjhjkdhjkhjkbd = akjhjkdhjkhjkbd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_SameDeviceDiffNIK"
                            qhjhjdhhf = qhjhjdhhf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffIDaddress_eKiosk"
                            apkknnf = apkknnf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Mortgage_SameNIKdiffDependants"
                            qhhjbckds = qhhjbckds + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MoreThan4SameEmployerAddressAndEmployerName7days"
                            aklhhwjkbkjdc = aklhhwjkbkjdc + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DukcapilNotFound"
                            alhjbjkcbjkhd = alhjbjkcbjkhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DukcapilScoreReject"
                            aklhyetggd = aklhyetggd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_TaxIDMatchFraudFile"
                            alkhlbcbchghds = alkhlbcbchghds + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_AddressOccupationHotlist"
                            ajhjkbcbggd = ajhjkbcbggd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_HighRiskEmployerName"
                            akhhlcbhlhld = akhhlcbhlhld + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKButDeviationInSalaryGreaterThan30PercentWithin90days"
                            akjhbcbgkjgd = akjhbcbgkjgd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_TaxIDFoundinHotlist"
                            aklbbcjhlhld = aklbbcjhlhld + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmployerNameMatchesWithFraudFile"
                            abkcbvvdhklhs = abkcbvvdhklhs + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmployerAddressMatchesWithFraudFile"
                            alkbbvcvhd = alkbbvcvhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_OnlineShop"
                            ppakjkhdhhf = ppakjkhdhhf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_MoreThan2SameDeviceIDDiffNIK"
                            albcjgjkgjkfhf = albcjgjkgjkfhf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_LOS_ValuerHotlist"
                            abcbbkjhkjdh = abcbbkjhkjdh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeAndNumberOfFacilities"
                            bbxbbcvd = bbxbbcvd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeAndActiveFacilities"
                            mmznxggd = mmznxggd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_BurAgeNoOfFacilities"
                            qoiihoudugf = qoiihoudugf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_RecentlyOpenedFacilities"
                            agkjbjkbcggkd = agkjbjkbcggkd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeBureauAgeLimit"
                            abbxvvcgfdhh = abbxvvcgfdhh + 1
                    End Select
                End If
        Next i
        
        destsheet.Range("M7").Value = cbmcount
        destsheet.Range("M8").Value = ekioskcount
        destsheet.Range("M9").Value = loskprcount
        destsheet.Range("M10").Value = othercount
        destsheet.Range("M11").Value = alterdcount
        destsheet.Range("M12").Value = ficticount
        destsheet.Range("M13").Value = aasss
        destsheet.Range("M14").Value = sss
        destsheet.Range("M15").Value = ddaas
        destsheet.Range("M16").Value = jkhjkh
        destsheet.Range("M17").Value = uytyug
        destsheet.Range("M18").Value = kkhlghj
        destsheet.Range("M19").Value = hjghjg
        destsheet.Range("M20").Value = yuyuakl
        destsheet.Range("M21").Value = lkajdlh
        destsheet.Range("M22").Value = tyrtuauy
        destsheet.Range("M23").Value = jkagkg
        destsheet.Range("M24").Value = jhgauytyg
        destsheet.Range("M25").Value = jhaygjhgkjda
        destsheet.Range("M26").Value = jhaggw
        destsheet.Range("M27").Value = ajkgtigkj
        destsheet.Range("M28").Value = ahjfuqhghjb
        destsheet.Range("M29").Value = hjaghjghja
        destsheet.Range("M30").Value = quhuihjkjk
        destsheet.Range("M31").Value = atytkjhjk
        destsheet.Range("M32").Value = quihjkbjk
        destsheet.Range("M33").Value = lahjhjkh
        destsheet.Range("M34").Value = qtyetgbkkln
        destsheet.Range("M35").Value = yguyghgjh
        destsheet.Range("M36").Value = ghakghbk
        destsheet.Range("M37").Value = kljaljdbbch
        destsheet.Range("M38").Value = akjhuyuiwhh
        destsheet.Range("M39").Value = kluiouioqh
        destsheet.Range("M40").Value = quiiuhkjsjk
        destsheet.Range("M41").Value = iqhuihkjjnkj
        destsheet.Range("M42").Value = oiahkjbwjkhjk
        destsheet.Range("M43").Value = poqiiuhjhd
        destsheet.Range("M44").Value = ajkkjbkw
        destsheet.Range("M45").Value = auiyuihjkjkw
        destsheet.Range("M46").Value = ajhjhgd
        destsheet.Range("M47").Value = iuakhjkhd
        destsheet.Range("M48").Value = pokadkhghf
        destsheet.Range("M49").Value = ajhjkbcbhjkhs
        destsheet.Range("M50").Value = aykhkjd
        destsheet.Range("M51").Value = aiooihehd
        destsheet.Range("M52").Value = iuahjkhkjd
        destsheet.Range("M53").Value = akjgdjkbbcjld
        destsheet.Range("M54").Value = alnncbvfj
        destsheet.Range("M55").Value = akllklcnbd
        destsheet.Range("M56").Value = ajkdhkjbcbhd
        destsheet.Range("M57").Value = cbbmcvjkhd
        destsheet.Range("M58").Value = ahjjcbd
        destsheet.Range("M59").Value = akhkqjhjkhdbc
        destsheet.Range("M60").Value = alkkjbckbjhd
        destsheet.Range("M61").Value = alkhlhywybef
        destsheet.Range("M62").Value = akjhjkdhjkhjkbd
        destsheet.Range("M63").Value = qhjhjdhhf
        destsheet.Range("M64").Value = apkknnf
        destsheet.Range("M65").Value = qhhjbckds
        destsheet.Range("M66").Value = aklhhwjkbkjdc
        destsheet.Range("M67").Value = alhjbjkcbjkhd
        destsheet.Range("M68").Value = aklhyetggd
        destsheet.Range("M69").Value = alkhlbcbchghds
        destsheet.Range("M70").Value = ajhjkbcbggd
        destsheet.Range("M71").Value = akhhlcbhlhld
        destsheet.Range("M72").Value = akjhbcbgkjgd
        destsheet.Range("M73").Value = aklbbcjhlhld
        destsheet.Range("M74").Value = abkcbvvdhklhs
        destsheet.Range("M75").Value = alkbbvcvhd
        destsheet.Range("M76").Value = ppakjkhdhhf
        destsheet.Range("M77").Value = albcjgjkgjkfhf
        destsheet.Range("M78").Value = abcbbkjhkjdh
        destsheet.Range("M79").Value = bbxbbcvd
        destsheet.Range("M80").Value = mmznxggd
        destsheet.Range("M81").Value = qoiihoudugf
        destsheet.Range("M82").Value = agkjbjkbcggkd
        destsheet.Range("M83").Value = abbxvvcgfdhh
        
        
        
        
destsheet.Range("M127").Value = cbmcount
destsheet.Range("M128").Value = ekioskcount
destsheet.Range("M129").Value = loskprcount
destsheet.Range("M130").Value = othercount
destsheet.Range("M131").Value = alterdcount
destsheet.Range("M132").Value = ficticount
destsheet.Range("M133").Value = aasss
destsheet.Range("M134").Value = sss
destsheet.Range("M135").Value = ddaas
destsheet.Range("M136").Value = jkhjkh
destsheet.Range("M137").Value = uytyug
destsheet.Range("M138").Value = kkhlghj
destsheet.Range("M139").Value = hjghjg
destsheet.Range("M140").Value = yuyuakl
destsheet.Range("M141").Value = lkajdlh
destsheet.Range("M142").Value = tyrtuauy
destsheet.Range("M143").Value = jkagkg
destsheet.Range("M144").Value = jhgauytyg
destsheet.Range("M145").Value = jhaygjhgkjda
destsheet.Range("M146").Value = jhaggw
destsheet.Range("M147").Value = ajkgtigkj
destsheet.Range("M148").Value = ahjfuqhghjb
destsheet.Range("M149").Value = hjaghjghja
destsheet.Range("M150").Value = quhuihjkjk
destsheet.Range("M151").Value = atytkjhjk
destsheet.Range("M152").Value = quihjkbjk
destsheet.Range("M153").Value = lahjhjkh
destsheet.Range("M154").Value = qtyetgbkkln
destsheet.Range("M155").Value = yguyghgjh
destsheet.Range("M156").Value = ghakghbk
destsheet.Range("M157").Value = kljaljdbbch
destsheet.Range("M158").Value = akjhuyuiwhh
destsheet.Range("M159").Value = kluiouioqh
destsheet.Range("M160").Value = quiiuhkjsjk
destsheet.Range("M161").Value = iqhuihkjjnkj
destsheet.Range("M162").Value = oiahkjbwjkhjk
destsheet.Range("M163").Value = poqiiuhjhd
destsheet.Range("M164").Value = ajkkjbkw
destsheet.Range("M165").Value = auiyuihjkjkw
destsheet.Range("M166").Value = ajhjhgd
destsheet.Range("M167").Value = iuakhjkhd
destsheet.Range("M168").Value = pokadkhghf
destsheet.Range("M169").Value = ajhjkbcbhjkhs
destsheet.Range("M170").Value = aykhkjd
destsheet.Range("M171").Value = aiooihehd
destsheet.Range("M172").Value = iuahjkhkjd
destsheet.Range("M173").Value = akjgdjkbbcjld
destsheet.Range("M174").Value = alnncbvfj
destsheet.Range("M175").Value = akllklcnbd
destsheet.Range("M176").Value = ajkdhkjbcbhd
destsheet.Range("M177").Value = cbbmcvjkhd
destsheet.Range("M178").Value = ahjjcbd
destsheet.Range("M179").Value = akhkqjhjkhdbc
destsheet.Range("M180").Value = alkkjbckbjhd
destsheet.Range("M181").Value = alkhlhywybef
destsheet.Range("M182").Value = akjhjkdhjkhjkbd
destsheet.Range("M183").Value = qhjhjdhhf
destsheet.Range("M184").Value = apkknnf
destsheet.Range("M185").Value = qhhjbckds
destsheet.Range("M186").Value = aklhhwjkbkjdc
destsheet.Range("M187").Value = alhjbjkcbjkhd
destsheet.Range("M188").Value = aklhyetggd
destsheet.Range("M189").Value = alkhlbcbchghds
destsheet.Range("M190").Value = ajhjkbcbggd
destsheet.Range("M191").Value = akhhlcbhlhld
destsheet.Range("M192").Value = akjhbcbgkjgd
destsheet.Range("M193").Value = aklbbcjhlhld
destsheet.Range("M194").Value = abkcbvvdhklhs
destsheet.Range("M195").Value = alkbbvcvhd
destsheet.Range("M196").Value = ppakjkhdhhf
destsheet.Range("M197").Value = albcjgjkgjkfhf
destsheet.Range("M198").Value = abcbbkjhkjdh
destsheet.Range("M199").Value = bbxbbcvd
destsheet.Range("M200").Value = mmznxggd
destsheet.Range("M201").Value = qoiihoudugf
destsheet.Range("M202").Value = agkjbjkbcggkd
destsheet.Range("M203").Value = abbxvvcgfdhh

End Sub

Sub AFMFalsePositiveRateNOTFRAUD()
    Dim sourcesheet As Worksheet
    Dim destsheet As Worksheet
    Dim lastrow As Long
    Dim caseid As Variant
    Dim product As Variant
    Dim status As Variant
    Dim cmcolumn As Variant
    Dim uniquecaseid As Object
    
        Set sourcesheet = ThisWorkbook.Sheets("RULE")
        Set destsheet = ThisWorkbook.Sheets("FDU - App")
        
        lastrow = sourcesheet.Cells(sourcesheet.Rows.Count, "G").End(xlUp).Row
        
            Dim cbmcount As Long
            Dim ekioskcount As Long
            Dim loskprcount As Long
            Dim lossmecount As Long
            
                Set uniquecaseid = CreateObject("Scripting.Dictionary")
            
        For i = 2 To lastrow
        
            caseid = sourcesheet.Cells(i, 7).Value
            product = sourcesheet.Cells(i, 6).Value
            status = sourcesheet.Cells(i, 21).Value
            
            If status = "NOT_FRAUD" Then
            
                If Not uniquecaseid.exists(caseid) Then
                    uniquecaseid.Add caseid, 1
                    
                    Select Case product
                        Case "PR_PhoneNumberMatchFraudFile_"
                            cbmcount = cbmcount + 1
                                                    
                        Case "PR_CBM_VidCallReject"
                            ekioskcount = ekioskcount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NikMatchFraudFile"
                            loskprcount = loskprcount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Email_Match_FraudFile"
                            othercount = othercount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileNumberDifferentNIK"
                            alterdcount = alterdcount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Verihubs"
                            ficticount = ficticount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileDiffDomicile"
                            aasss = aasss + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameDomicileAddressEmployerAddressNotSelfEmployed"
                            sss = aass + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_OnlineShop_"
                            ddaas = ddaas + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MoreThan10AppsFromSameSubDistrictIn3Days"
                            jkhjkh = jkhjkh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GR_EmailKeyword_"
                            uytyug = uytyug + 1
                        
                        Case "PR_CBM_Email_RejectedList_"
                            kkhlghj = kkhlghj + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileDiffDomicile_"
                            hjghjg = hjghjg + 1
                        
                        Case "PR_CBM_Email_RejectedList"
                            yuyuakl = yuyuakl + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileNumberDifferentNIK_eKiosk"
                            lkajdlh = lkajdlh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Phone_RejectedList_"
                            tyrtuauy = tyrtuauy + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NikMatchFraudFile_"
                            jkagkg = jkagkg + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Mortgage_BureauAgeSalary"
                            jhgauytyg = jhgauytyg + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_RefferalCodeSameDistrict"
                            jhaygjhgkjda = jhaygjhgkjda + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NIKMatchesToSuspiciousNIKHotlist_"
                            jhaggw = jhaggw + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKORTaxIDORPhoneNumberOREmailMatchLOSWhitelist"
                            ajkgtigkj = ajkgtigkj + 1
                            
                            
                        Case "PR_Email_Match_FraudFile_"
                            ahjfuqhghjb = ahjfuqhghjb + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Phone_RejectedList"
                            hjaghjghja = hjaghjghja + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PhoneNumberMatchFraudFile"
                            quhuihjkjk = quhuihjkjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_HighRiskGeolocation"
                            atytkjhjk = atytkjhjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_MoreThan2SameDeviceIDDiffNIK_"
                            quihjkbjk = quihjkbjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_FirstBureauAge"
                            lahjhjkh = lahjhjkh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmailMatchesToSuspiciousEmailHotlist_"
                            qtyetgbkkln = qtyetgbkkln + 1
                            
                        Case "FinalFraudDecision"
                            yguyghgjh = yguyghgjh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeAndBureauAge"
                            ghakghbk = ghakghbk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_MoreThan2SameDeviceIDDiffNIK"
                            kljaljdbbch = kljaljdbbch + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DeviceMatchesToSuspiciousDeviceHotlist"
                            akjhuyuiwhh = akjhuyuiwhh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameCompanyPhoneDiffCompanyNameDiffLOB"
                            kluiouioqh = kluiouioqh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmailMatchesToSuspiciousEmailHotlist"
                            quiiuhkjsjk = quiiuhkjsjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBMRejectedListDeviceID_"
                            iqhuihkjjnkjn = iqhuihkjjnkjn + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffDomicile_"
                            oiahkjbwjkhjk = oiahkjbwjkhjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_LOS_ApplicantDukcapil"
                            poqiiuhjhd = poqiiuhjhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_DomAddress6FirstCharsNIK"
                            ajkkjbkw = ajkkjbkw + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_DomAddress6FirstCharsNIK_"
                            auiyuihjkjkw = auiyuihjkjkw + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Generic_SameNIKDiffDOBorPOBandPhoneorEmail"
                            ajhjhgd = ajhjhgd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MobilePhonenumberProvidedByApplicantMatchesToSuspiciousMobileHotlist"
                            iuakhjkhd = iuakhjkhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffIDaddress"
                            pokadkhghf = pokadkhghf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameEmailDifferentNIK"
                            ajhjkbcbhjkhs = ajhjkbcbhjkhs + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Generic_SameNIKDiffDOBorPOBandPhoneorEmail_"
                            aykhkjd = aykhkjd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Ekiosk_ManualEKTP"
                            aiooihehd = aiooihehd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffIDaddress_"
                            iuahjkhkjd = iuahjkhkjd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_ReferralCodeSameCity"
                            akjgdjkbbcjld = akjgdjkbbcjld + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MoreThan4SameEmployerAddressAndEmployerName7days_"
                            alnncbvfj = alnncbvfj + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffDomicile"
                            akllklcnbd = akllklcnbd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NIKMatchesToSuspiciousNIKHotlist"
                            ajkdhkjbcbhd = ajkdhkjbcbhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Paylater_deviceIDHotlist"
                            cbbmcvjkhd = cbbmcvjkhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Paylater_deviceIDHotlist_"
                            ahjjcbd = ahjjcbd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Dukcapil_Refer_Test"
                            akhkqjhjkhdbc = akhkqjhjkhdbc + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DukcapilApplicant_Refer"
                            alkkjbckbjhd = alkkjbckbjhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GR_EmailKeyword"
                            alkhlhywybef = alkhlhywybef + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MobilePhonenumberProvidedByApplicantMatchesToSuspiciousMobileHotlist_"
                            akjhjkdhjkhjkbd = akjhjkdhjkhjkbd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_SameDeviceDiffNIK"
                            qhjhjdhhf = qhjhjdhhf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffIDaddress_eKiosk"
                            apkknnf = apkknnf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Mortgage_SameNIKdiffDependants"
                            qhhjbckds = qhhjbckds + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MoreThan4SameEmployerAddressAndEmployerName7days"
                            aklhhwjkbkjdc = aklhhwjkbkjdc + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DukcapilNotFound"
                            alhjbjkcbjkhd = alhjbjkcbjkhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DukcapilScoreReject"
                            aklhyetggd = aklhyetggd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_TaxIDMatchFraudFile"
                            alkhlbcbchghds = alkhlbcbchghds + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_AddressOccupationHotlist"
                            ajhjkbcbggd = ajhjkbcbggd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_HighRiskEmployerName"
                            akhhlcbhlhld = akhhlcbhlhld + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKButDeviationInSalaryGreaterThan30PercentWithin90days"
                            akjhbcbgkjgd = akjhbcbgkjgd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_TaxIDFoundinHotlist"
                            aklbbcjhlhld = aklbbcjhlhld + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmployerNameMatchesWithFraudFile"
                            abkcbvvdhklhs = abkcbvvdhklhs + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmployerAddressMatchesWithFraudFile"
                            alkbbvcvhd = alkbbvcvhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_OnlineShop"
                            ppakjkhdhhf = ppakjkhdhhf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_MoreThan2SameDeviceIDDiffNIK"
                            albcjgjkgjkfhf = albcjgjkgjkfhf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_LOS_ValuerHotlist"
                            abcbbkjhkjdh = abcbbkjhkjdh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeAndNumberOfFacilities"
                            bbxbbcvd = bbxbbcvd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeAndActiveFacilities"
                            mmznxggd = mmznxggd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_BurAgeNoOfFacilities"
                            qoiihoudugf = qoiihoudugf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_RecentlyOpenedFacilities"
                            agkjbjkbcggkd = agkjbjkbcggkd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeBureauAgeLimit"
                            abbxvvcgfdhh = abbxvvcgfdhh + 1
                    End Select
                End If
            End If
        Next i
        
destsheet.Range("N7").Value = cbmcount
destsheet.Range("N8").Value = ekioskcount
destsheet.Range("N9").Value = loskprcount
destsheet.Range("N10").Value = othercount
destsheet.Range("N11").Value = alterdcount
destsheet.Range("N12").Value = ficticount
destsheet.Range("N13").Value = aasss
destsheet.Range("N14").Value = sss
destsheet.Range("N15").Value = ddaas
destsheet.Range("N16").Value = jkhjkh
destsheet.Range("N17").Value = uytyug
destsheet.Range("N18").Value = kkhlghj
destsheet.Range("N19").Value = hjghjg
destsheet.Range("N20").Value = yuyuakl
destsheet.Range("N21").Value = lkajdlh
destsheet.Range("N22").Value = tyrtuauy
destsheet.Range("N23").Value = jkagkg
destsheet.Range("N24").Value = jhgauytyg
destsheet.Range("N25").Value = jhaygjhgkjda
destsheet.Range("N26").Value = jhaggw
destsheet.Range("N27").Value = ajkgtigkj
destsheet.Range("N28").Value = ahjfuqhghjb
destsheet.Range("N29").Value = hjaghjghja
destsheet.Range("N30").Value = quhuihjkjk
destsheet.Range("N31").Value = atytkjhjk
destsheet.Range("N32").Value = quihjkbjk
destsheet.Range("N33").Value = lahjhjkh
destsheet.Range("N34").Value = qtyetgbkkln
destsheet.Range("N35").Value = yguyghgjh
destsheet.Range("N36").Value = ghakghbk
destsheet.Range("N37").Value = kljaljdbbch
destsheet.Range("N38").Value = akjhuyuiwhh
destsheet.Range("N39").Value = kluiouioqh
destsheet.Range("N40").Value = quiiuhkjsjk
destsheet.Range("N41").Value = iqhuihkjjnkj
destsheet.Range("N42").Value = oiahkjbwjkhjk
destsheet.Range("N43").Value = poqiiuhjhd
destsheet.Range("N44").Value = ajkkjbkw
destsheet.Range("N45").Value = auiyuihjkjkw
destsheet.Range("N46").Value = ajhjhgd
destsheet.Range("N47").Value = iuakhjkhd
destsheet.Range("N48").Value = pokadkhghf
destsheet.Range("N49").Value = ajhjkbcbhjkhs
destsheet.Range("N50").Value = aykhkjd
destsheet.Range("N51").Value = aiooihehd
destsheet.Range("N52").Value = iuahjkhkjd
destsheet.Range("N53").Value = akjgdjkbbcjld
destsheet.Range("N54").Value = alnncbvfj
destsheet.Range("N55").Value = akllklcnbd
destsheet.Range("N56").Value = ajkdhkjbcbhd
destsheet.Range("N57").Value = cbbmcvjkhd
destsheet.Range("N58").Value = ahjjcbd
destsheet.Range("N59").Value = akhkqjhjkhdbc
destsheet.Range("N60").Value = alkkjbckbjhd
destsheet.Range("N61").Value = alkhlhywybef
destsheet.Range("N62").Value = akjhjkdhjkhjkbd
destsheet.Range("N63").Value = qhjhjdhhf
destsheet.Range("N64").Value = apkknnf
destsheet.Range("N65").Value = qhhjbckds
destsheet.Range("N66").Value = aklhhwjkbkjdc
destsheet.Range("N67").Value = alhjbjkcbjkhd
destsheet.Range("N68").Value = aklhyetggd
destsheet.Range("N69").Value = alkhlbcbchghds
destsheet.Range("N70").Value = ajhjkbcbggd
destsheet.Range("N71").Value = akhhlcbhlhld
destsheet.Range("N72").Value = akjhbcbgkjgd
destsheet.Range("N73").Value = aklbbcjhlhld
destsheet.Range("N74").Value = abkcbvvdhklhs
destsheet.Range("N75").Value = alkbbvcvhd
destsheet.Range("N76").Value = ppakjkhdhhf
destsheet.Range("N77").Value = albcjgjkgjkfhf
destsheet.Range("N78").Value = abcbbkjhkjdh
destsheet.Range("N79").Value = bbxbbcvd
destsheet.Range("N80").Value = mmznxggd
destsheet.Range("N81").Value = qoiihoudugf
destsheet.Range("N82").Value = agkjbjkbcggkd
destsheet.Range("N83").Value = abbxvvcgfdhh

End Sub


Sub AFMFalsePositiveFRAUD()
    Dim sourcesheet As Worksheet
    Dim destsheet As Worksheet
    Dim lastrow As Long
    Dim caseid As Variant
    Dim product As Variant
    Dim status As Variant
    Dim cmcolumn As Variant
    Dim uniquecaseid As Object
    
        Set sourcesheet = ThisWorkbook.Sheets("RULE")
        Set destsheet = ThisWorkbook.Sheets("FDU - App")
        
        lastrow = sourcesheet.Cells(sourcesheet.Rows.Count, "G").End(xlUp).Row
        
            Dim cbmcount As Long
            Dim ekioskcount As Long
            Dim loskprcount As Long
            Dim lossmecount As Long
            
                Set uniquecaseid = CreateObject("Scripting.Dictionary")
            
        For i = 2 To lastrow
        
            caseid = sourcesheet.Cells(i, 7).Value
            product = sourcesheet.Cells(i, 6).Value
            status = sourcesheet.Cells(i, 21).Value
            
            If status <> "NOT_FRAUD" And status <> "NULL" Then
            
                If Not uniquecaseid.exists(caseid) Then
                    uniquecaseid.Add caseid, 1
                    
                    Select Case product
                        Case "PR_PhoneNumberMatchFraudFile_"
                            cbmcount = cbmcount + 1
                                                    
                        Case "PR_CBM_VidCallReject"
                            ekioskcount = ekioskcount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NikMatchFraudFile"
                            loskprcount = loskprcount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Email_Match_FraudFile"
                            othercount = othercount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileNumberDifferentNIK"
                            alterdcount = alterdcount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Verihubs"
                            ficticount = ficticount + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileDiffDomicile"
                            aasss = aasss + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameDomicileAddressEmployerAddressNotSelfEmployed"
                            sss = aass + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_OnlineShop_"
                            ddaas = ddaas + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MoreThan10AppsFromSameSubDistrictIn3Days"
                            jkhjkh = jkhjkh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GR_EmailKeyword_"
                            uytyug = uytyug + 1
                        
                        Case "PR_CBM_Email_RejectedList_"
                            kkhlghj = kkhlghj + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileDiffDomicile_"
                            hjghjg = hjghjg + 1
                        
                        Case "PR_CBM_Email_RejectedList"
                            yuyuakl = yuyuakl + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameMobileNumberDifferentNIK_eKiosk"
                            lkajdlh = lkajdlh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Phone_RejectedList_"
                            tyrtuauy = tyrtuauy + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NikMatchFraudFile_"
                            jkagkg = jkagkg + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Mortgage_BureauAgeSalary"
                            jhgauytyg = jhgauytyg + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_RefferalCodeSameDistrict"
                            jhaygjhgkjda = jhaygjhgkjda + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NIKMatchesToSuspiciousNIKHotlist_"
                            jhaggw = jhaggw + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKORTaxIDORPhoneNumberOREmailMatchLOSWhitelist"
                            ajkgtigkj = ajkgtigkj + 1
                            
                            
                        Case "PR_Email_Match_FraudFile_"
                            ahjfuqhghjb = ahjfuqhghjb + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Phone_RejectedList"
                            hjaghjghja = hjaghjghja + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PhoneNumberMatchFraudFile"
                            quhuihjkjk = quhuihjkjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_HighRiskGeolocation"
                            atytkjhjk = atytkjhjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_MoreThan2SameDeviceIDDiffNIK_"
                            quihjkbjk = quihjkbjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_FirstBureauAge"
                            lahjhjkh = lahjhjkh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmailMatchesToSuspiciousEmailHotlist_"
                            qtyetgbkkln = qtyetgbkkln + 1
                            
                        Case "FinalFraudDecision"
                            yguyghgjh = yguyghgjh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeAndBureauAge"
                            ghakghbk = ghakghbk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_MoreThan2SameDeviceIDDiffNIK"
                            kljaljdbbch = kljaljdbbch + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DeviceMatchesToSuspiciousDeviceHotlist"
                            akjhuyuiwhh = akjhuyuiwhh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameCompanyPhoneDiffCompanyNameDiffLOB"
                            kluiouioqh = kluiouioqh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmailMatchesToSuspiciousEmailHotlist"
                            quiiuhkjsjk = quiiuhkjsjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBMRejectedListDeviceID_"
                            iqhuihkjjnkjn = iqhuihkjjnkjn + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffDomicile_"
                            oiahkjbwjkhjk = oiahkjbwjkhjk + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_LOS_ApplicantDukcapil"
                            poqiiuhjhd = poqiiuhjhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_DomAddress6FirstCharsNIK"
                            ajkkjbkw = ajkkjbkw + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_DomAddress6FirstCharsNIK_"
                            auiyuihjkjkw = auiyuihjkjkw + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Generic_SameNIKDiffDOBorPOBandPhoneorEmail"
                            ajhjhgd = ajhjhgd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MobilePhonenumberProvidedByApplicantMatchesToSuspiciousMobileHotlist"
                            iuakhjkhd = iuakhjkhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffIDaddress"
                            pokadkhghf = pokadkhghf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameEmailDifferentNIK"
                            ajhjkbcbhjkhs = ajhjkbcbhjkhs + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Generic_SameNIKDiffDOBorPOBandPhoneorEmail_"
                            aykhkjd = aykhkjd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Ekiosk_ManualEKTP"
                            aiooihehd = aiooihehd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffIDaddress_"
                            iuahjkhkjd = iuahjkhkjd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_ReferralCodeSameCity"
                            akjgdjkbbcjld = akjgdjkbbcjld + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MoreThan4SameEmployerAddressAndEmployerName7days_"
                            alnncbvfj = alnncbvfj + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffDomicile"
                            akllklcnbd = akllklcnbd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_NIKMatchesToSuspiciousNIKHotlist"
                            ajkdhkjbcbhd = ajkdhkjbcbhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Paylater_deviceIDHotlist"
                            cbbmcvjkhd = cbbmcvjkhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Paylater_deviceIDHotlist_"
                            ahjjcbd = ahjjcbd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_Dukcapil_Refer_Test"
                            akhkqjhjkhdbc = akhkqjhjkhdbc + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DukcapilApplicant_Refer"
                            alkkjbckbjhd = alkkjbckbjhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GR_EmailKeyword"
                            alkhlhywybef = alkhlhywybef + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MobilePhonenumberProvidedByApplicantMatchesToSuspiciousMobileHotlist_"
                            akjhjkdhjkhjkbd = akjhjkdhjkhjkbd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_SameDeviceDiffNIK"
                            qhjhjdhhf = qhjhjdhhf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKdiffIDaddress_eKiosk"
                            apkknnf = apkknnf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_Mortgage_SameNIKdiffDependants"
                            qhhjbckds = qhhjbckds + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_MoreThan4SameEmployerAddressAndEmployerName7days"
                            aklhhwjkbkjdc = aklhhwjkbkjdc + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DukcapilNotFound"
                            alhjbjkcbjkhd = alhjbjkcbjkhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_CBM_DukcapilScoreReject"
                            aklhyetggd = aklhyetggd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_TaxIDMatchFraudFile"
                            alkhlbcbchghds = alkhlbcbchghds + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_AddressOccupationHotlist"
                            ajhjkbcbggd = ajhjkbcbggd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_HighRiskEmployerName"
                            akhhlcbhlhld = akhhlcbhlhld + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_SameNIKButDeviationInSalaryGreaterThan30PercentWithin90days"
                            akjhbcbgkjgd = akjhbcbgkjgd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_TaxIDFoundinHotlist"
                            aklbbcjhlhld = aklbbcjhlhld + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmployerNameMatchesWithFraudFile"
                            abkcbvvdhklhs = abkcbvvdhklhs + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_EmployerAddressMatchesWithFraudFile"
                            alkbbvcvhd = alkbbvcvhd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_OnlineShop"
                            ppakjkhdhhf = ppakjkhdhhf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_PL_MoreThan2SameDeviceIDDiffNIK"
                            albcjgjkgjkfhf = albcjgjkgjkfhf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_LOS_ValuerHotlist"
                            abcbbkjhkjdh = abcbbkjhkjdh + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeAndNumberOfFacilities"
                            bbxbbcvd = bbxbbcvd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeAndActiveFacilities"
                            mmznxggd = mmznxggd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_BurAgeNoOfFacilities"
                            qoiihoudugf = qoiihoudugf + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_RecentlyOpenedFacilities"
                            agkjbjkbcggkd = agkjbjkbcggkd + 1
                            
                        Case "PR_GLoan_AgeBureauAgeLimit"
                            abbxvvcgfdhh = abbxvvcgfdhh + 1
                    End Select
                End If
            End If
        Next i
        
destsheet.Range("N127").Value = cbmcount
destsheet.Range("N128").Value = ekioskcount
destsheet.Range("N129").Value = loskprcount
destsheet.Range("N130").Value = othercount
destsheet.Range("N131").Value = alterdcount
destsheet.Range("N132").Value = ficticount
destsheet.Range("N133").Value = aasss
destsheet.Range("N134").Value = sss
destsheet.Range("N135").Value = ddaas
destsheet.Range("N136").Value = jkhjkh
destsheet.Range("N137").Value = uytyug
destsheet.Range("N138").Value = kkhlghj
destsheet.Range("N139").Value = hjghjg
destsheet.Range("N140").Value = yuyuakl
destsheet.Range("N141").Value = lkajdlh
destsheet.Range("N142").Value = tyrtuauy
destsheet.Range("N143").Value = jkagkg
destsheet.Range("N144").Value = jhgauytyg
destsheet.Range("N145").Value = jhaygjhgkjda
destsheet.Range("N146").Value = jhaggw
destsheet.Range("N147").Value = ajkgtigkj
destsheet.Range("N148").Value = ahjfuqhghjb
destsheet.Range("N149").Value = hjaghjghja
destsheet.Range("N150").Value = quhuihjkjk
destsheet.Range("N151").Value = atytkjhjk
destsheet.Range("N152").Value = quihjkbjk
destsheet.Range("N153").Value = lahjhjkh
destsheet.Range("N154").Value = qtyetgbkkln
destsheet.Range("N155").Value = yguyghgjh
destsheet.Range("N156").Value = ghakghbk
destsheet.Range("N157").Value = kljaljdbbch
destsheet.Range("N158").Value = akjhuyuiwhh
destsheet.Range("N159").Value = kluiouioqh
destsheet.Range("N160").Value = quiiuhkjsjk
destsheet.Range("N161").Value = iqhuihkjjnkj
destsheet.Range("N162").Value = oiahkjbwjkhjk
destsheet.Range("N163").Value = poqiiuhjhd
destsheet.Range("N164").Value = ajkkjbkw
destsheet.Range("N165").Value = auiyuihjkjkw
destsheet.Range("N166").Value = ajhjhgd
destsheet.Range("N167").Value = iuakhjkhd
destsheet.Range("N168").Value = pokadkhghf
destsheet.Range("N169").Value = ajhjkbcbhjkhs
destsheet.Range("N170").Value = aykhkjd
destsheet.Range("N171").Value = aiooihehd
destsheet.Range("N172").Value = iuahjkhkjd
destsheet.Range("N173").Value = akjgdjkbbcjld
destsheet.Range("N174").Value = alnncbvfj
destsheet.Range("N175").Value = akllklcnbd
destsheet.Range("N176").Value = ajkdhkjbcbhd
destsheet.Range("N177").Value = cbbmcvjkhd
destsheet.Range("N178").Value = ahjjcbd
destsheet.Range("N179").Value = akhkqjhjkhdbc
destsheet.Range("N180").Value = alkkjbckbjhd
destsheet.Range("N181").Value = alkhlhywybef
destsheet.Range("N182").Value = akjhjkdhjkhjkbd
destsheet.Range("N183").Value = qhjhjdhhf
destsheet.Range("N184").Value = apkknnf
destsheet.Range("N185").Value = qhhjbckds
destsheet.Range("N186").Value = aklhhwjkbkjdc
destsheet.Range("N187").Value = alhjbjkcbjkhd
destsheet.Range("N188").Value = aklhyetggd
destsheet.Range("N189").Value = alkhlbcbchghds
destsheet.Range("N190").Value = ajhjkbcbggd
destsheet.Range("N191").Value = akhhlcbhlhld
destsheet.Range("N192").Value = akjhbcbgkjgd
destsheet.Range("N193").Value = aklbbcjhlhld
destsheet.Range("N194").Value = abkcbvvdhklhs
destsheet.Range("N195").Value = alkbbvcvhd
destsheet.Range("N196").Value = ppakjkhdhhf
destsheet.Range("N197").Value = albcjgjkgjkfhf
destsheet.Range("N198").Value = abcbbkjhkjdh
destsheet.Range("N199").Value = bbxbbcvd
destsheet.Range("N200").Value = mmznxggd
destsheet.Range("N201").Value = qoiihoudugf
destsheet.Range("N202").Value = agkjbjkbcggkd
destsheet.Range("N203").Value = abbxvvcgfdhh


End Sub



